Update Bits AI SRE Docs (#31274)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/bits_ai/bits_ai_sre/investigate_alerts.md

Alternatively, you can manually invoke Bits on an individual monitor alert or warn event.

- **Option 1: Monitor Status Page**

>   -  For a monitor that is ready for Bits, navigate to its status page and click **Investigate with Bits AI SRE** on the top right corner. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -  For a monitor that is ready for Bits, navigate to its status page and click **Investigate with Bits AI SRE** on the top-right corner. 
```

{{% collapse-content title="Slack" level="h5" expanded=false id="slack" %}}
1. Ensure the [Datadog Slack app][7] is installed in your Slack workspace.
1. In your monitor, go to **Configure notifications and automations** and add the `@slack-{channel-name}` handle. This sends monitor notifications to your chosen Slack channel.
1. Lastly, go to [**Bits AI** > **SRE Agent** > **Settings** > **Integrations**][9] and connect your Slack workspace. This allows Bits to write its findings directly under the monitor notification in Slack. **Note:** Each Slack workspace can only be connected to one Datadog organization.
{{% /collapse-content %}}
{{% collapse-content title="Case Management" level="h5" expanded=false id="case-management" %}}
In the **Configure notifications and automations** section, add the `@case-{project-name}` handle. Case Management also supports optional two-way syncing with [ticketing platforms like Jira and ServiceNow][14]. 
{{% /collapse-content %}}
{{% collapse-content title="On-Call" level="h5" expanded=false id="on-call" %}}

> In the **Configure notifications and automations** section, add the @oncall-{team} handle. Bits' findings will appear on the On-Call page in the Datadog mobile app, helping teams triage issues more quickly on the go.     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Configure notifications and automations** section, add the @oncall-{team} handle. Bits' findings appear on the On-Call page in the Datadog mobile app, helping your teams triage issues on the go.     
```

[11]: /account_management/rbac
[12]: /monitors/notify/#renotify
[13]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/confluence

> [14]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/service_management/case_management/notifications_integrations/#third-party-tickets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[14]: /service_management/case_management/notifications_integrations/#third-party-tickets
```
